[SERVER-1169] details on how to configure an external vault instance (#5428)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-install.adoc

. MongoDB authentication mechanism: The authentication mechanism to use, usually `SCRAM-SHA-1`.
. Additional connection options: Any other connection options you would like to use. This needs to be formatted as a query string (key=value pairs, separated by &, special characters need to be URL encoded). See the https://docs.mongodb.com/v3.6/reference/connection-string/[MongoDB docs] for available options.

### Vault
*Internal* will deploy the default Vault instance inside the CircleCI K8s namespace.  The application will be automatically configured.

> *External* will not install the default Vault instance with the CircleCI application.  Select this option if using an existing Vault instance.  Will require the user to configure the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*External* will not install the default Vault instance with the CircleCI application.  Select this option if using an existing Vault instance.  You need to configure the following settings:
```

. URL: ex. `http://vault:8200`
. Transit Path: The path of the transit secrets engine.  The default is `transit`. See the https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/transit#setup[Vault documentation] for more details.

> . Token: The Vault token to be used by CircleCI.  The following example shows how to create a token with the recommend policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Token: The Vault token to be used by CircleCI.  The following example shows how to create a token with the recommended policy
```
